Psalm 21 to the chief musician a psalm
of David the King shall have joy in your
strength O Lord and in your salvation
how greatly shall he rejoice you have
given him his heart's desire and have
not withheld the requests of his lips
for you meet him with the blessings of
goodness
you set a crown of pure gold upon his
head he asked life from you and you gave
it to him length of days forever and
ever his glory is great in your
salvation honor and Majesty you have
placed upon him for you have made him
Most Blessed forever
you have made him exceedingly glad with
your presence for the King trusts in the
Lord and through the mercy of the Most
High he shall not be moved your hand
will find all your enemies your right
hand will find those who hate you you
shall make them as a fiery oven in the
time of your anger the Lord shall
swallow them up in his wrath and the
fire shall devour them their offspring
you shall destroy from the earth and
their descendants from among the sons of
men for they intended evil against you
they devised a plot which they are not
able to perform therefore you will make
them turn their back
you will make ready your arrows on your
string toward their faces be exalted O
Lord in your own strength we will sing
and praise your power